Add installation docs for Rolling Ridley (#776)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Rolling/Linux-Install-Debians.rst

Installing ROS 2 via Debian Packages
====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:

Debian packages for ROS 2 Rolling Ridley are currently available for Ubuntu Focal.

> The Rolling Ridley distribution will change target platforms from time to time as new platforms become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rolling Ridley distribution will change target platforms from time to time as new platforms are selected for development.
The target platforms are defined in `REP 2000 <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/rep/blob/master/rep-2000.rst>`__
```
